# # IngishtsPostRequestMetricDataQueriesInner

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**id** | **string** | &lt;p&gt;A short name used to tie this object to the results in the response. This name must be             unique within a single call to &lt;code&gt;GetMetricData&lt;/code&gt;. If you are performing math             expressions on this set of data, this name represents that data and can serve as a             variable in the mathematical expression. The valid characters are letters, numbers, and             underscore. The first character must be a lowercase letter.&lt;/p&gt; | [optional]
**metric_stat** | [**\Pingram\Model\IngishtsPostRequestMetricDataQueriesInnerMetricStat**](IngishtsPostRequestMetricDataQueriesInnerMetricStat.md) |  | [optional]
**expression** | **string** | &lt;p&gt;This field can contain either a Metrics Insights query, or a metric math expression to             be performed on the returned data. For more information about Metrics Insights queries,             see &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatch/latest/monitoring/cloudwatch-metrics-insights-querylanguage\&quot;&gt;Metrics Insights query components and syntax&lt;/a&gt; in the &lt;i&gt;Amazon                     CloudWatch User Guide&lt;/i&gt;.&lt;/p&gt;          &lt;p&gt;A math expression can use the &lt;code&gt;Id&lt;/code&gt; of the other metrics or queries to refer             to those metrics, and can also use the &lt;code&gt;Id&lt;/code&gt; of other expressions to use the             result of those expressions. For more information about metric math expressions, see             &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatch/latest/monitoring/using-metric-math.html#metric-math-syntax\&quot;&gt;Metric Math Syntax and Functions&lt;/a&gt; in the &lt;i&gt;Amazon CloudWatch User                     Guide&lt;/i&gt;.&lt;/p&gt;          &lt;p&gt;Within each MetricDataQuery object, you must specify either &lt;code&gt;Expression&lt;/code&gt; or             &lt;code&gt;MetricStat&lt;/code&gt; but not both.&lt;/p&gt; | [optional]
**label** | **string** | &lt;p&gt;A human-readable label for this metric or expression. This is especially useful if             this is an expression, so that you know what the value represents. If the metric or             expression is shown in a CloudWatch dashboard widget, the label is shown. If Label is             omitted, CloudWatch generates a default.&lt;/p&gt;          &lt;p&gt;You can put dynamic expressions into a label, so that it is more descriptive. For more             information, see &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatch/latest/monitoring/graph-dynamic-labels.html\&quot;&gt;Using Dynamic                 Labels&lt;/a&gt;.&lt;/p&gt; | [optional]
**return_data** | **bool** | &lt;p&gt;When used in &lt;code&gt;GetMetricData&lt;/code&gt;, this option indicates whether to return the             timestamps and raw data values of this metric. If you are performing this call just to             do math expressions and do not also need the raw data returned, you can specify             &lt;code&gt;false&lt;/code&gt;. If you omit this, the default of &lt;code&gt;true&lt;/code&gt; is             used.&lt;/p&gt;          &lt;p&gt;When used in &lt;code&gt;PutMetricAlarm&lt;/code&gt;, specify &lt;code&gt;true&lt;/code&gt; for the one             expression result to use as the alarm. For all other metrics and expressions in the same             &lt;code&gt;PutMetricAlarm&lt;/code&gt; operation, specify &lt;code&gt;ReturnData&lt;/code&gt; as             False.&lt;/p&gt; | [optional]
**period** | **float** | &lt;p&gt;The granularity, in seconds, of the returned data points. For metrics with regular             resolution, a period can be as short as one minute (60 seconds) and must be a multiple             of 60. For high-resolution metrics that are collected at intervals of less than one             minute, the period can be 1, 5, 10, 20, 30, 60, or any multiple of 60. High-resolution             metrics are those metrics stored by a &lt;code&gt;PutMetricData&lt;/code&gt; operation that includes             a &lt;code&gt;StorageResolution of 1 second&lt;/code&gt;.&lt;/p&gt; | [optional]
**account_id** | **string** | &lt;p&gt;The ID of the account where the metrics are located.&lt;/p&gt;          &lt;p&gt;If you are performing a &lt;code&gt;GetMetricData&lt;/code&gt; operation in a monitoring account,             use this to specify which account to retrieve this metric from.&lt;/p&gt;          &lt;p&gt;If you are performing a &lt;code&gt;PutMetricAlarm&lt;/code&gt; operation, use this to specify             which account contains the metric that the alarm is watching.&lt;/p&gt; | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)
